=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= README Release 1 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

This distribution contains release 1 of a copy of info and makeinfo programs
for version 2.14 of the GNU texinfo package which has been modified to run 
under the emx 32-bit environment under MS-DOS or os/2 2.0 with a number of
interface enhancements which make life a little easier on the pc.

GNU Make is free software.  See the file COPYING for copying conditions.  
This program is provided with absolutely NO WARRANTY of any kind.

The info program is used to browse online GNU documentation.  The makeinfo
program will convert texinfo files (normally denoted by a .texi or .texinfo
suffice) from GNU source distributions to .info files which can be browsed
by info.

The "info.inf" and "dir" files should be placed in the /emx/info directory
which is where the info program will normally look for documentation files.
The "info.exe" and "makeinfo.exe" programs should be stored in your path;
I store mine in /emx/bin along with the other emx programs.  Please note 
also that "info.exe" uses the emx termcap library so to function properly
you will need to have a properly placed "termcap.dat" file and you should
also have set TERM environment variable.

To start info type:
	info
and press Enter.  The initial display explains how to bring up both the 
summary help display and start the info tutorial.  The "info.info" manual
also explains how to add new .info files to the "dir" file.  (Read the pages
and you'll understand what I'm talking about.)

The makeinfo file, as mentioned perviously, will convert a .texinfo file into
an info interactive manual.  For instance, if you have just received the
.texinfo files for gcc, the GNU C compiler, and you are on a FAT based disk
system, the gcc.texinfo file will have been truncated to gcc.tex.  To create
the info files for this manual type:
	makeinfo gcc.tex
Makeinfo will create a series of files named,
	gcc.inf
	gcc.i01
	gcc.i02
	gcc.i03, etc.
Copy these files into the /emx/info directory and now you can start info and
browse the gcc manual.

I will gladly accept any questions, comments, or insults for poor porting.
Send email to:
	gchunt@mail.physics.utah.edu
Or, to the emx-list mailing list:
	emx-list@mail.physics.utah.edu
To subscribe to the emx-list mailing list, send email to:
	emx-list-request@mail.physics.utah.edu

galen c. hunt
19/March/92


